hi my name is Jeremy and today we're
going to talk about this
on the TRX toothpick for 450 this is
actually Chris's four-wheel it's not
mine we actually got this in the trade
for another item that he had the only
issues that we've encountered so far or
is actually just something that we
noticed looks like this machine has been
wheelie quite a bit as you can tell but
the back tires is very completely bald
there's no very drab bar and no tail
light you can see by the connector
that's missing here and also the rear
muffler has been banged in only thing
about this machine is its kickstart only
newer models they can be either click
start or electric start but they don't
have both the two year or the Racing 450
our machine this has a 5-speed Ford ear
only there's no reverse operated by the
clutch and your foot left foot a
byproduct of being a 450 racing machine
this is a liquid cooled engine these
engines are very advanced they have
extremely high compression and they're
very high revving if you were to
actually purchase a 450 also keep in
mind that the oil changes are
considerably sooner than any noble ATV
being they are high compression to 2005
there's also a carbureted engine here's
the carburetor right here and the choke
lever is right here off on also you got
the fuel cutoff right here you have off
reserve and on has a completely steel
frame steel a-arms these shocks are
actually completely adjustable there are
coiled over-design you just need a
wrench to be able to turn these here and
you'll have different spring rates to be
front and rear find your radiator and
the fan also the fill cap for the radio
without actually very easy to get to
unlike other machines
purpose of a hobby who also finds the
kickstart the rear brake and the oil
fill cap the back seat you will find the
airbox and also this little piece right
here which is actually the drain for the
airbox in case you have to go water into
it this is where the water will actually
drain from also you will find a plastic
skid plate on the trail is probably one
do very good but for racing you'll
probably just fine on this machine here
over on the right on the right side
hammer bar you will find the throttle
front brake a front brake reservoir for
the brakes also right here is a coolant
light in case it starts overheat this
light will turn red also over here you
will find the clutch cable plus the lock
for the parking brake also you have the
switch from high to low headlights and
the switch for the headlights themselves
the on and off switch for the engine and
the hot start switch
this machine being that it's at 450 is
very fast considering what I'm used to
riding which is either 250 or 350
however from what I'm reading that this
is actually the slowest out of the
Kawasaki and Yamaha 450s but I guess I
compared to what I yield on why this
thing is fast off in the first gear you
really got to give it some good hard
gastrin also will stall out the gearing
is real high also this particular
machine and model have won three Baja
1000 races they are very reliable
overall very good rounded machines
you